MAGECLOUD-4925:  Ability to support custom database parameters in docker image (#6609)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.md

To prevent accidental data loss, the database is stored in a persistent **`magento-db`** volume after you stop and remove the Docker configuration. The next time you use the `docker-compose up` command, the Docker environment restores your database from the persistent volume. You must manually destroy the database volume using the `docker volume rm <volume_name>` command.

> You can inject a MySQL configuration into the database container at creation by adding the configuration to the `docker-compose-override.yml` file. Add the custom values using an included `my.cnf` file like new mount or copy the custom configuration file to the directory `.docker/mysql/mariadb.conf.d`. Also, you can add the correct variables directly to the override file as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can inject a MySQL configuration into the database container at creation by adding the configuration to the `docker-compose-override.yml` file. Add the custom values by including a `my.cnf` file using a mount, or by copying the custom configuration file to the directory `.docker/mysql/mariadb.conf.d`. Also, you can add the correct variables directly to the override file as shown in the following examples.
```

Author: Done. Thank You!
